In the busy city, a young man decided to
run towards the beach, hoping to escape
the noise of the bustling streets.
He took a sip of his coffee and noticed a
black hat sitting on a bench.
As he walked past a store, he heard a
soft buzz coming from a neon sign, and
the teacher inside smiled as she
explained something to her students.
He thought to himself, Now is the perfect time.
The sun shone brightly, and he felt a
sense of peace as he crossed the wooden bridge.
In the distance, a group of children were
singing, and their laughter filled the air
.
He couldn't help but smile, knowing that
life could still offer simple joys.
As he reached the end of the road, he
stopped by a small cafe and ordered a
blueberry smoothie.
While he waited, he overheard a couple
discussing their next vacation.
They mentioned wanting to tour pure
natural landscapes, perhaps near the
mountains, where they could relax and
enjoy the sound of the wind in the trees.
He noticed a beige house nearby, with a
beautiful garden that seemed to measure
the passage of time.
As he walked, he spotted a sign that said
Think Fresh, which made him ponder about
the choices he could make.
The day seemed perfect, and he felt ready
to face whatever came next.
The day shifted andуд provinces but he
wasn't really happy The way to change his land.
He 219XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX collector.
Gracias por ver el video